[{"player_id":"hokage_7","dob":"1900-10-10","birthplace":"Konohagakure","height":180,"biography":"The legendary man who has 3 hards: hard start, hard-headed, hard-working. Although having ups and downs in his whole career since he first participated in football, he always smiling and keeps practicing until his team is the first of the tournament.; Great tactician, good captain, great player, either being a striker, midfielder or defender, he still able to give his best when he has opportunity to play. Everyone who faces him has a great respect for his dedication to football.","gender":"Male"},{"player_id":"shadow_hokage","dob":"1900-7-23","birthplace":"Konohagakure","height":182,"biography":"Pure genius of the Uchiha Clan, little brother of Uchiha Itachi - Team Anime's coach, one of the most handsome and skillful player when he appears on the pitch. A cool-headed guy whether the match situations were good or bad.; Like his brother, analysis and decision-making are strengths when he participate on the pitch. Combine with his skills of playing football, he usually makes a clutch at the end of the match or perform his skills to make the defenders confuse and don't know what move he will do next.","gender":"Male"},{"player_id":"kamehameha","dob":"1900-4-18","birthplace":"Japan","height":175,"biography":"In 2015, when no one thought about a team can overturn Naruto's empire, he with Vegeta and Gotenks appeared and had participated in one of the best matches in the AFC Manga League and take the king's crown in a very persuasive way. A year later, his team had created history not for only them but change the history of AFC Manga League, by proving they can beat the best team in that moment, Horans the Snitzels. Although had gone through ups and downs, he was considered one of the best players from the Asian League and till now, this fact doesn't change at all.; Like Naruto, he is an all-round player, but with his wonderful physicality, he had swept all the best defences and obstacles to achieve his dreams.","gender":"Male"},{"player_id":"prince_vegeta","dob":"1900-8-14","birthplace":"Japan","height":164,"biography":"Late-bloomer like Goku, he always tries his best in every tournament and leagues his team participated in. When you ask about who is the most endurance player, he is the answer. Although he usually hot-headed, he is considered as a good leader for his team and always giving his team the best momentum to control the match.; He is as strong as his teammate Goku and he uses his strength to control the match smoothly.","gender":"Male"},{"player_id":"fusion_gotenks","dob":"1900-8-26","birthplace":"Japan","height":178,"biography":"The final piece of the legendary Dragon Ball squad to start the dynasty and become one of the top teams not only in the AFC Manga League but also in the international tournaments. Although he had a rough start from the beginning, he still make the spot to be one of the best keepers in the world by crucial saves and an impressive ability to understand and analyze the situation to help the team making their plans for the next movements. Every player had faced against him knows how dangerous he was when he was on the pitch, and considered him as the \u201cSilent Hero\u201d of the team.","gender":"Male"}]